I'm not saying stretching cures cancer
but this review of the 2022 current
scientific literature cites
158 studies on what we know about
stretching and its effects on
inflammation and cancer it's been proven
over and over again that stretching
reduces inflammation when people or
animals are injected with inflammatory
substances ah that sounds terrible not
only does the inflammation go down but
cortisol levels drop and testosterone
increases guys if I could sell you a
pill that could do that I wouldn't be
making videos in a kitchen now we know
that reducing inflammation does slow
down tumor growth but we also know that
heavy intense strength training also
reduces tumor growth but here's the
thing it is difficult to impossible for
some cancer patients or survivors to get
the amount of intensity you need to
reduce that tumor growth even though
it's not fully understood yet stretching
has the same effect any one of my ebooks
are a great place to start stay flexy